# lists

This is a small proof of concept to manage lists, built on React+Redux using the create-react-app Facebook boilerplate with Typescript.

Current Features:

1. Create and delete lists.
2. For each list: Add, Edit and Remove list items. Re-order list items with the arrows buttons.
3. Everything is saved in a Mongo database through the associated backend API.
4. State is saved locally and is updated when the API returns the new data.

Note: There is a delay currently in place at the Saga level to showcase the "Pending" feature displayed when a list item is created locally but not yet saved in the database.

There are two main containers: Homepage is where you can create and delete lists, ListPage is where you can add, edit, delete and re-order list items.

This is using 3 specific types to manage the list and items:

```
export interface OwlList {
  _id: string,
  name: string,
}
```

The OwlList is the main List component. It has only an ID (generated by Mongo) and a name.

```
export interface OwlItems {
  _id: string;
  items: Array<OwlItem>;
  list_id: string;
}
```

The OwlItems are part of a list (referenced through list_id). They represent a collection of items, the collection is stored in the items array.

```
export interface OwlItem {
  text: string;
  status: string;
}
```

The OwlItem is the list item itself, it has a text and a status. Status allows to provide visual feedback to the users while async operations are taking place.

# Local environment

To use this locally, run the following commands:

```
npm i
npm start
```

We use dotenv to pass environment variables, if you need to change the API URL, just edit (or add) the REACT_APP_API_URL environment variable in the .env file.

For development purposes, you can link the lists-types repository directly in your folder:

```
# git clone git@github.com:albi34/lists-types.git
# cd lists-frontend/
lists-frontend/# npm link ../lists-types
```

This creates a symlink in your node_modules folder.
